---
date: 2024-01-25
title: Handwriting in the Age of Computing
---

Despite all the value I see in good handwriting, I can't seem to write well. It's kind of infuriating, actually.
My notes are nearly illegible, even to me, and whenever I take a peek at one of my peer's notes, they're always far more
organized and neat than mine. I could always just type on a computer, of course, and, when allowed, that's what I've
resorted to doing.

Typing on a computer works well for most classes. I can type far far faster than I can write, and the format allows me
to effortlessly organize and revise. The primary downside is that I don't practice my handwriting skills and said
skills fail to improve.

Math classes are especially tricky. I manage to type my notes with a Markdown processor that supports MathJax, but I'm
always a little bit behind because of the
difficulty of drawing graphs. My teachers are always wowed when they read my perfectly organized, perfectly
neat, perfectly typed notes/homework, so it's a little bit difficult to go back to pen and paper.

I have tried, though. I got some graph paper and wrote as carefully as I could in the most perfect type I could, but it
couldn't be nearly as fast or perfect or revisable as it could have been on a computer.

As an aside, I've been doing my homework in LaTeX, but I've realized that not everything needs to be in a computer, so
in the case of particularly difficult graphs, I'll write some data or information down, and then I'll print an empty
graph to fill in later with pencil.

According to Wikpedia<sup>[1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Words_per_minute)</sup>, people can write at speeds up to
360 words per minute in shorthand, but normal writing peaks at around 20 words per minute.\
Maybe I should learn shorthand?