---
title: Lapse
date: 2024-08-22
---

Hello, markdown.
I suppose it's been a while. 

Junior year is over and now it's just a little longer until graduation. I suppose that was the goal all along though. 

I intended to take fewer classes in order to create more time for doing things that I wanted to do, such as robotics and college applications, but I suppose I've destroyed that idea by taking stats. 
After I asked the registrar for my second high-level statistics class I determined that maybe the reason I wanted to do it was because I was on some level afeared, mostly because of the idea that people who feel more comfortable are more likely to take risks. 
So far I've found stats to be quite boring. It's mostly just interpreting graphs and using a calculator to determine values for datasets. It's kind of strange because I recall wanting to take stats again because I thought there was valuable information in the class that my depressed dual enrollment past self, whom I determined to be bad at taking classes, missed. So far I haven't discovered a great deal of useful information. Maybe that will come later?

Anyway, colleges.

I've got to apply to a number of colleges if I expect to get into any of them. I'll most likely (I say most likely but at this point it's most definitely) go for a bachelor's in computer science and a minor in something or other. Maybe piano performance? I've toured a school that I think I like, but the high acceptance rate leaves me feeling unchallenged by its admissions process, so I may or may not end up going there. There are a number of other schools to which I could go, but here I again notice my aversion to risk-taking. Most of the schools to which I am applying are far off and distant and would leave me with no net on which to fall back and a steep integration curve. The question becomes: Would I regret not taking risks in order to avoid imaginary hostility? Probably.

Our team won the state competition for robotics last season. They wanted me to go with them to Houston, but for some reason part of me didn't want to go. I spoke to my teachers and they told me exactly what that part of me wanted to hear: My academics would likely suffer if I went. In retrospect I don't know if they would've, but leaving certainly wouldn't've helped. 
The same part of me doesn't want to go this year either. Maybe it just doesn't seem like fun to me? I often found myself doing absolutely nothing during competitions and maybe I thought/think that going to Houston would be as boring as tagging along on a business trip? Likely.
 
Our goal is to win the state competition again, and given the support we have and the drive many of the team members seem to have, it's not entirely unlikely, therefore it's not entirely unlikely that I will have to make the same decision again.

Graduation has always been a bittersweet event; onwards and upwards, but at the expense of backwards and downwards. I suppose I could go take the easy way out and go to school where many of my compatriots are going, but the aforementioned consequences make that an undesirable idea.

There's an idea of one's best friend, the one with whom one never loses contact, the one with whom one starts a business, moves into adjacent cookie cutter subdivision homes with, et cetera. The idea of being the best friend implies that there are other friends who are less best or un-best. When I think of friends I usually slot them into this category, but I'm coming around to the idea of time-limited friends; the friends you go to school with and never see again. The prevailing comfort is that although graduation causes a near reset of social circles and stability, positive progression is for the better regardless. I argue that although to be one's best self (and idea which sounds kind of lonely), positive progression is required, it's not necessarily the inevitable truth for all. What about places like those described in *Out of the Dust* and *Moon over Manifest*?

My classes are starting to take flight. The yearly sickness is beginning to rear its ugly head. Six classes, Socialization, Tennis, Robotics, Piano. This brick won't cut like butter.
