---
date: 2024-01-22
title: Exploits
---

### RPis

I tried to put a Raspberry Pi before my PC to act as a sort of inverse filter,
but I didn't have enough cables.
I had previously set the Raspberry Pi up as a dumb ap, so when it saw some kind of master router it would defer and
assign itself to an IP address other than the root `192.168.1.1`.

- I tried to connect to the Raspberry Pi
    - I couldn't see what I was doing because I didn't have a microHDMI cable
- I tried to create a master router for it to defer to
    - I didn't have a micro usb cable for the other Raspberry Pi
- I tried reloading OpenWRT onto my Raspberry Pi, but I didn't have a microSD card reader
- I tried sshing into the Raspberry Pi
    - At first, I couldn't find its IP address, but when I finally did find it, I couldn't remember the password

Still no luck. I finally tried my VPN on another device, just to see if it would work, and it didn't.
I tried to put my vpn through and ssh tunnel, but that didn't work either. I've no idea what to try now.
I've got two Raspberry Pis and no real use for them, so that's great, but I'm back to square one.
The biggest thing I've learned from this is that I will always need more cables.
<br><br>

### Trello

On another note, I'm pretty sure we'll be using Trello instead of Jira on the robotics team for now.
The biggest thing we lose is the issue structure, but I've found a way to add issue numbers to Trello cards
automatically, so even if we can't see click on the links between commits in the git repository and Trello issues,
they're still there.\

Another thing we don't have with Trello is Confluence, but that's a separate service that integrates with Jira, so we
might be able to get it back.

### Sick

My roommate's gone with the flu, so that's unfortunate.
He told me they "wouldn't let him in the building," so he'll have a delayed start to school.\
Pros include:

- He doesn't have to start school for another couple of days

Cons include:

- He's sick
- He'll have to catch up
- He can't see any of his friends
- He's sick

Although you get a break when you're sick, it's basically a heightened form of procrastination, because once you're well
again you've got all of that stuff you didn't do that you now have to do quickly, and on top of the other stuff you
would have to do normally.

Get well, roommate.
