---
title: Studying
date: 2024-02-10
---

A lot of this is derived from the text found [here](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~rapaport/howtostudy.html), but I've added
some snippets from my own experience.

Studying takes a lot of time and school is a full-time job.\
Set grade goals and revise based on how they're approached.\
Taking notes should be an antecedent to reviewing the notes. It's no use to take notes and never review them.

- Abbreviations can help take complete notes
- Write down questions you have in the notes

After the class has concluded, Copy down the notes into a separate notebook.
Answer the questions you wrote down. Organize them in a logical fashion.

This avoids running the risk of your illegible notes never making sense to you.\
Using a computer to write notes introduces distraction.

I've found that spreading the tasks out over time helps me manage them mentally: Instead of a hyper dense assignment,
it's simply a collection of 15 minute stretches—Peanut butter on a slice of bread instead of a golf ball.

Take some kind of measured break after classes, but study as soon as possible after the break.

When reading, read slowly and in small enough segments that you can think on each segment individually
If you don't understand something, get help.
Rereading is key.

Making notes on what you're reading is helpful because it keeps you engaged.

Doing homework as soon as possible prevents both keeps you from getting overloaded and gives you extra time in case it
takes longer than expected. You typically only have 50 homework assignments if you haven't been keeping up.

For exams, cramming is awful. While it leads to better results in the short term, individuals who space out their
studying over a longer period of time remember their content for longer.[^1]

Rereading the textbook is awful, especially when done passively (a.k.a. in one ear and out the other).

Condensing the material that you need to memorize into a single space is can be helpful.

Practice. Spaced repetition[^2] \(learn something, nearly forget it, learn it again) is a very effective way of learning,
but it takes thinking ahead.

To actually learn anything, you have to repeatedly cut a metaphorical piece of wood with a Dremel tool. You can use
whatever bit you want on the Dremel tool, but certain bits cut better than others, and you *always* have to apply the
tool to the wood.

[^1]; <https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/memory-and-cramming-for-exams/2020/11/27/d395a838-29bd-11eb-8fa2-06e7cbb145c0_story.html>

[^2]; <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spaced_repetition>