---
title: Schoolwork Mentally
date: 2024-01-23
---

I find my brain's distinction between schoolwork, CS work, and video games to be quite interesting.\
My hierarchy of desire looks something like this:
> Video Games > CS work > Schoolwork.
 
It's not atypical, but it would be better if the distance between each category was shorter.

I had a lot of difficulty getting myself to complete schoolwork last semester, but I've come to realize that this
ability to easily get oneself to undertake undesirable tasks is potentially exercisable: If I get myself to do more
schoolwork, getting myself to do schoolwork might become easier.

The weird thing is that although I enjoy learning, I dislike schoolwork. This kind of almost-paradox leads to some
strange circumstances. For example, this semester I'm looking forward to my
classes, whereas at the end of last semester I was dreading them.

For the moment I'll have to keep using workarounds to get myself to complete schoolwork:

- If I play specific video games or work on a project in alternation with schoolwork, I find that I can get a lot done.
- If I listen to music while I do schoolwork, I can work for longer stretches of time.

Although these usually work, there are some edge cases in which they don't: for example, I'm often swayed by
possibilities for procrastination.

Essays in particular are difficult for me, as their lack of an easily visible or calculable shortest distance to
completion makes it difficult to sit down and just work on them.
When working on math, in contrast, I find that I *do* typically know exactly how to proceed: I'm given a set amount of
problems, and I'm supposed to find the solutions. If I don't know the solution, then I can probably either look it up or
use other math to find it.\
There's no human executable algorithm or equation for an essay.

Since I've already created one hierarchy, I'll leave you with another:

**The "Schoolwork Desire Sub-Hierarchy"**<br>
> Math > Chemistry > Latin > APUSH > English > Biology
