---
title: Clay
date: 2024-10-17
---
I assume people are moldable, like clay. Someone placed in an unfamiliar society would change to fit that society, mostly because if they don't they risk ostracization and its buddies. I could also assume that everybody is made of different kinds of clay, changing how malleable they are, but because I'm already extrapolating based on my own experience that's not an assumption I can reasonably make anecdotally.

I have thus far been assuming myself to be clay, but I realize that a completely malled person is not quite my desired position, so for myself (and everyone I'm extrapolating to based on myself, most likely falliably) it'd be more accurate to imagine as dirty clay, with rocks and sticks and things of various hardnesses mixed in. 

The strongest clayed folk would be those with just the right amount of soft clay but core rocks that they've logically arrived at and treasure, rocks of morality, maybe. Weaker clayed people would be so changeable that between different social circles they would change entire opinions or facets of themselves, more like runny mud than pottery clay.

In this context "weakly clayed" would not refer to the strength of the clay itself, but more the virtuosity of its composition. For example, a person composed of kiln-fired china would find it difficult to empathize with other people.

As the pressure to adapt and reform increases, stronger and stronger clay models would change, getting little sticks and rocks stuck in them and changing shape to fit the mold.

The biggest problem with this analogy is elasticity: The clay remembers, goes back. In order to shape a person-clay model the mold would need to be smaller than the final desired shape. A great example of this is any kind of training; Let's use bicycles as an example. In order to be really good at biking one mile, it's much more effective to bike multiple miles than. In order to do well on an exam one would want to practice problems that are harder than problems an exam would present.

I write this because I feel as though I have been recently allowing my person-clay model to tend in directions I don't approve of, such as allowing baseless rumors to become fact in my mind. 

I'll stop that.
