---
date: 2024-01-31
title: Latin
---

I think it'd be cool if I were to read the works of Homer and Virgil in Latin. Like a goal of sorts.
The difficulty is knowing enough Latin so that I don't have to look every single word up.
At this moment I can only construct simple phrases, like
> Ab urbe ad silva curro.

and

> Mons iratus, nunc sanguinis et corpora in via fluunt. Multus canes ad mare festinant.

But at some point in the future I'll graduate to a higher reading level.
Right now I can only read classics such as *Ubi fera sunt* and the reading that I'm provided as part of my Latin class.

I'm not entirely sure why I chose to take Latin. My mother had a Latin workbook, and I was required to learn a language.
I had held some fascination with strange languages even before I began Latin. First I tried Greek, but I don't think
that I was committed enough at the time. Then I tried Gaelic, for some reason, but I also wasn't that committed and
there was really no future with Gaelic. I guess Latin was both pushed on me at the right time and was kind of
interesting.

Other reasons for my learning Latin might include some kind of superiority complex, akin to those of the upper class
scholars during the 17th and 18th centuries.
It used to be the trademark of an educated individual, the dividing line between the knowledgeable and the illiterate.
Maybe I'm chasing after that? That's weird.

Another reason to learn Latin is that it teaches one more about English works. Latin helps the English speaker make
connections where none were seen before. For example, the word "currere" means "to run" in Latin, and it comes from the
word for chariot. From this word arose "current" or keeping up/flowing.

It's also interesting to see what was once fancy and or complicated be reduced down to something more simple.
Instead of seeing "canis lupus familiaris" and thinking "ooh, cool, wow!" you read it and think "oh wow, familiar dog wolf."