---
title: Schedule Ramblings and "Fans"
date: 2024-01-30
---

Schedule
---
I shifted my schedule two hours back because I wanted to be up for more of the early hours of the day, but I've realized
that I have less time at the end of the day as a result. I think this might be a good thing, as I previously would put
something off until 10 and then not do it because I finished studying then, but now my going to sleep at 10 forces me to
schedule things a little bit earlier; to stop procrastinating as much.

On another hand I've got more time in the morning. I'm enjoying it so far, and I typically use it to write here or take
a shower or finish some schoolwork.

Ta*b*l*e* T*i*m*e*!

| Hour | Activity                                     |
|------|----------------------------------------------|
| 0600 | Wake up & do whatever                        |
| 0700 | Finish up whatever and get ready for the day |
| 0730 | Eat breakfast                                |
| 0800 | Write                                        |
| 0900 | Classes                                      |
| 1200 | Lunch                                        |
| 1400 | More classes                                 |
| 1600 | Robotics                                     |
| 1700 | Dinner                                       |
| 1800 | Tennis                                       |
| 1930 | Return from Tennis                           |
| 2000 | Schoolwork                                   |
| 2200 | Sleep                                        |

So I guess I've got roughly 5 hours of time that I could use for studying.
If we take out my early morning wake up and do whatever time, I only have 3 hours on my busiest day to get my schoolwork done,
which means that I've got to use this amount of time every day, regardless of the amount of time until my assignments' due dates.


Fans
---
On another note I've discovered that I have fans. Whenever one of my fans sees me stepping outside my comfort zone,
they celebrate with me by recording this momentous occasion and send it to my roommate. My fans are everywhere. I play
tennis? Fans. I talk in
English instead of sulking in the corner? Fans.\
These are only the ones that I've heard of. I'm so glad to have a group of people that admires me with such vigor.

Some would call this behavior creepy, but I find it somewhat enlightening.

Pros:

1. If I lose my phone and desperately need to talk to my roommate, I can just do cartwheels until someone films me, and
   then I can speak my message.
2. If I do something crazy and really wish that I had recorded it, I can just ask the nearest fan for their recording.

Cons:

1. They're always watching.
2. It's only slightly strange.
3. I don't know who is a fan and who isn't.
