---
title: Perception, Dehydration
date: 2024-10-08
---
As one does, I've been thinking mostly about perception recently. Of course there's the common line "not everybody thinks about you as much as you think they do" but I often find myself sorting others into boxes based on minor things like how they carry themselves, who they hang out with, et cetera. So is it completely irrational to assume that my judgement of others is reciprocated? I think the reality is that it's difficult to properly gauge others' judgement of oneself, simply because one is not inside others' heads. In sum: Although "everybody is thinking about themselves," they're still thinking about you.

Another argument against the reassuring nature of this line is the fact that people are not thinking about other people and are therefore not analyzing their opinions of other people and making sure that they're up to a standard that the thinker is fine with, therefore the thoughts others are thinking about you are likely simply the result of offhanded thoughtless assumptions, usually based on other baseless assumptions. Simply put, given that people are considering others only barely, it's likely that this low effort thought is ruled by unfair bias.

There's other wisdom around "first impressions." If one's perception of another is an increasingly faceted stone, then one's first impression of the other is the first cut. From there we can reasonably determine from the first statement that the unanalyzed first impression would run rampant, damaging other attempts to cut the perception gem and creating a permanently biased relationship. 

A reasonable rebuttal to these claims would be something about extrapolation of my own experience to the experience of others: Just because I am judging everyone just as much as they think I am doesn't mean that everyone or anyone puts as much effort as I do into confirming people's worst fears.

There's a commonly misspoken verse from the Rime of the Ancient Mariner.

> Water, water, every where, <br>
> and all the boards did shrink;<br>
> Water, water, every where,<br>
> Nor any drop to drink.
[^1]

[^1]:_I was going somewhere with this, but I got fed up with crunching myself with thought and quit writing. - Gabe 2024-10-17_


